[docs] Improve styles basics.md section (#22440)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/styles/basics/basics.md

## Why use Material-UI's styling solution?

> In previous versions, Material-UI has used LESS than a custom inline-style solution to write the component styles, but these approaches have proven to be limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions, Material-UI has used [Less](http://lesscss.org/), and then a custom inline-style solution to write the component styles, but these approaches proved to be limited.
```

Author: LOL. Yep that makes a lot more sense. Thanks for clarifying that!
